Add pop generation guide (#430)
babylonlabs-io/networks: bbn-1/pops/README.md

```bash
$~ babylond keys add my-baby-key-name --home /path/to/babylon/home/ --keyring-backend file
Enter keyring passphrase (attempt 1/3):
...
- address: bbn17ew0he6svxrqj2c7mef7qsyg0assc2upa5gy7w
  name: my-baby-key-name
  pubkey: '{"@type":"/cosmos.crypto.secp256k1.PubKey","key":"A5UjwURAlm0ndhMLfmNKIe4wzc8NnsBkNOgr7Ogx6kQQ"}'
  type: local
**Important** write this mnemonic phrase in a safe place.
It is the only way to recover your account if you ever forget your password.
bad mnemonic private split escape wage suit banner affair home fine rent erosion hurry bicycle throw tilt warfare silk rude real frown cabin few
```

> Reminder: if the `--keyring-backend` flag was used to create the key,
> the same flag should be used later for accessing this key. At the end
> of these steps, the Babylon key pair will be generated. The key pair
> and the mnemonic generated must be stored in a safe place.
> 
> **⚠ Warning!**
> 
> Store the **mnemonic** in a safe place. The mnemonic is the only way
> you can recover your keys in the case of loss or file system corruption.
> 

### 1.3. Import existing wallet

If you wish to import an existing wallet with your mnemonic seed phrase,

> you can use the below command. Note that not all of the params below are
> required, please see the parameters list below to see which are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use the below command. Note that not all of the flags are
required, check the ones that are needed for the recovery use case `--recover`
```

The param `<wallet-name>` is required, the flags that are optional

`babylond keys add <wallet-name> --recover --hd-path <hd-path> --home <home> --keyring-backend <backend>`

Now you will be prompted for your `bip39 mnemonic` and you can enter
your `Enter your 24-word seed phrase`.

The output of the above command will be similar to the following:

```bash
- address: bbn1gsapezku653vxxmxvurh73s5j8lvxh6vzc6jjq
  name: mykey
  pubkey: '{"@type":"/cosmos.crypto.secp256k1.PubKey","key":"AyFqOcOQeDTYpJctaWiQZ6SuM5y1a3batlsx6l2dgBAw"}'
  type: local
```

## 2. Generate PoP for finality providers

⚠️ This document assumes that the finality provider has been created and
registered for phase-1 following the instructions in the

> [official documentation](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/networks/tree/main/bbn-1/finality-providers).

Reviewer: should we use a commit hash in the links?

Author: Hmmm I prefer the main branch here in case we might update the doc

  the `--key-name` flag, which requires `eots.db` in the `--home` directory).
- `--keyring-backend` specifies the keyring backend. Any
  of `[file, os, kwallet, test, pass, memory]` are available. You can find
  more details about the available keyring backends [here](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.46/run-node/keyring.html#available-backends-for-the-keyring). By default,
  the `test` keyring backend is used, although it is recommended that
  you use an encrypted keyring.
- `--baby-home` specifies the Babylon home directory of the Babylon key
  created in [step 1](#1-create-babylon-keys-and-addresses).
- `--baby-key-name` specifies the Babylon key name argument of the key
  created in [step 1](#1-create-babylon-keys-and-addresses).
- `--baby-keyring-backend` specifies the Babylon keyring backend of the key
  created in [step 1](#1-create-babylon-keys-and-addresses).
- `--output-file` specifies the file path of the raw JSON result. Note that
  if the flag is not specified, the JSON file won't be generated.

### 2.3. Validate the Proof of Possession (PoP)

To validate the JSON file that contains the PoP, run `eotsd pop validate` command:

```bash

>  $ eotsd pop validate /path/to/pop.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 $ eotsd pop validate /path/to/pop_fp.json
```
just to match the --output flag

    "babySignBtc": "FnYTm9ZbhJZY202R9YBkjGEJqeJ/n5McZBpGH38P2pt0YRcjwOh8XgoeVQTU9So7/RHVHHdKNB09DVmtQJ7xtw==",
    "babyPublicKey": "Asezdqkvh+kLbuD75DirSwi/QFbJjFe2SquiivMaPS65"
}
```

where:

- `babyAddress` is the address of the BABY key created in step 1.
  Bech-32 encoded.
- `btcAddress` is the address of corresponding to the BTC key used
  when staking in phase-1. Bech-32 encoded.
- `btcPublicKey` is the staker public key used. Hex encoded.
- `btcSignBaby` is the BI322 signature made by `btcAddress`. Base64 encoded.
- `babySignBtc` is the ADR36 signature made by `babyPublicKey`. Base64 encoded.
- `babyPublicKey` is the Babylon public key, corresponding to
  the `babyAddress`. Base64 encoded.

### 3.4. Validate the Proof of Possession (PoP)

To validate the JSON file that contains the PoP,
run `stakercli pop validate` command:

```bash
 $ stakercli pop validate /path/to/pop.json
 Proof of Possession is valid!
```

If `Proof of Possession is valid!` is shown, the pop is successfully validated.

## 4. Create Pull Request

The PoP JSON files for finality providers and stakers are stored under the
`fps` and `stakers` directories respectively. Each file should be identified

> by a unique name, e.g., `${btc_pk_pop}.json`, with `.json` extension.

Reviewer: are we going to accept PoPs as input for PR in this repository?

Author: Yes
